Update dumpling --row description (#7344)
pingcap/docs: dumpling-overview.md

+ The `-h`, `-p`, and `-u` option respectively mean the address, the port, and the user. If a password is required for authentication, you can use `-p $YOUR_SECRET_PASSWORD` to pass the password to Dumpling.
+ The `-o` option specifies the export directory of the storage, which supports a local file path or a [URL of an external storage](/br/backup-and-restore-storages.md).
+ The `-t` option specifies the number of threads for the export. Increasing the number of threads improves the concurrency of Dumpling and the export speed, and also increases the database's memory consumption. Therefore, it is not recommended to set the number too large. Usually, it's less than 64.

> + The `-r` option specifies the maximum number of rows in a single file. With this option specified, Dumpling enables the in-table concurrency to speed up the export and reduce the memory usage. When the upstream database is TiDB v3.0 or later versions, a value of this parameter greater than 0 indicates that the TiDB region information is used for splitting and the value specified here will no longer take effect.

Reviewer: TiDB region information is used for splitting----splitting 的对象是什么？原文是划分，好像跟 split 的意思还是有差别。

Author: split的对象是table，就是把table拆分成很多行，然后并行导出。以前split和devide混用。统一改成split了。

| `-h` or `--host`             | The IP address of the connected database host                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | "127.0.0.1"                                |
| `-t` or `--threads`          | The number of concurrent backup threads                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | 4                                          |

> | `-r` or `--rows`             | Split the table into a specified row of data (generally applicable for concurrent operations of splitting a large table into multiple files. When the upstream database is TiDB v3.0 or later versions, a value of this parameter greater than 0 indicates that the TiDB region information is used for splitting and the value specified here will no longer take effect.                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer 2: "a specified row of data" is a littler unclear to me, how about "pieces of data with specified number of rows"

> | `-r` or `--rows`             | Split the table into a specified row of data (generally applicable for concurrent operations of splitting a large table into multiple files. When the upstream database is TiDB v3.0 or later versions, a value of this parameter greater than 0 indicates that the TiDB region information is used for splitting and the value specified here will no longer take effect.                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Author: ```suggestion
| `-r` or `--rows`             | Split the table into pieces of data with specified number of rows (generally applicable for concurrent operations of splitting a large table into multiple files. When the upstream database is TiDB v3.0 or later versions, a value of this parameter greater than 0 indicates that the TiDB region information is used for splitting and the value specified here will no longer take effect.                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```
